1. How do you define the internet? 
A distributed packet-switched network. The internet is a network of networks. It links billions of devices together all around the globe. 
Maybe you're connected with a laptop or a phone through wifi. 
But then that wifi connection connects to an Internet Service Provider, or ISP. 
And that ISP connects you to billions and billions of devices around the world through hundreds of thousands of networks that are all interconnected. 

2. How does the physical infrastructure of the internet move information? 
Everything on the internet is represented and sent around as bits. Information is made of bits. 
A bit can be described as any pair of opposites on or off, yes or no. We typically use a 1 (one), meaning on, or a 0 (zero), meaning off. 
Because a bit has two possible states, we call it binary code. Eight bits strung together, makes 1 byte. 1,000 bytes all together is 1 kilobyte. 1,000 kilobytes is 1 megabyte.

3. What are IP addresses and what does DNS stand?
The addressing system for computers on the internet forms part of one of the most important protocols used in internet communication, simply called the Internet Protocol, or IP. 
A computer's address, then, is called its IP address. Visiting a website is really just your computer asking another computer for information. 
Your computer sends a message to the other computer's IP address, and it also sends along its origin address so the other computer knows where to send its response.

A system called the Domain Name System, or DNS, associates names, like www.example.com, with the corresponding addresses. 
Your computer uses the DNS to look up domain names and get the associated IP address, which is used to connect your computer to the destination on the internet. 
There is no way one DNS server can handle all of the requests from all devices. 
The answer is that DNS servers are connected in a distributed hierarchy, and are divided into zones, splitting up responsibility for the major domains such as .org, .com, .net, et cetera. 

4. What are packets and what are routers?
Information on the Internet goes from one computer to another in a packet of information. 
If you have a very large image that you want to send to a friend or upload to a website, that image might be made up of tens of billions of bits of ones and zeroes, 
too many to send along in one packet. Since it's data on a computer, the computer sending the image can quickly break it into hundreds or even thousands of smaller parts called packets.

Each packet has the internet address of where it came from and where it's going. Special computers on the Internet, called routers, 
act like traffic managers to keep the packets moving through the networks smoothly. If one route is congested, individual packets may travel different routes through the Internet, 
and they may arrive at the destination at slightly different times, or even out of order. As part of the Internet Protocol, every router keeps track of multiple paths for sending packets, 
and it chooses the cheapest available path for each piece of data, based on destination IP address for the packet. "Cheapest," in this case, doesn't mean cost, but time and non-technical 
factors such as politics and relationships between companies. Often the best route for data to travel isn't necessarily the most direct. Having options for paths makes the network 
fault tolerant, which means the network can keep sending packets, even if something goes horribly, horribly wrong. This is the basis for a key principle of the Internet, reliability. 

TCP, Transmission Control Protocol manages the sending and receiving of all your data as packets. When your packets arrive, TCP does a full inventory and sends back acknowledgements 
of each packet received. If all packets are there, TCP signs for your delivery. 

5. What is HTTP?
when you type an address into your web browser and then hit enter, your computer starts talking to another computer called a server that's usually thousands of miles away, 
and in milliseconds your computer asks that server for a website, and that server starts to talk back to your computer in a language called HTTP. 
HTTP stands for Hypertext Transfer Protocol. It is a language that one computer uses to ask another computer for a document.